# CyberSecurity
CyberSecurity course
My name is Ilaman Durdiyev. I am 35 years old. For the last 5 years I have worked in various organizations, state entities and myself as an entrepreneur. I have experience in managing business with various scope of activities acting as an assistant for some time and also deputy general manager. 
I performed jobs in market analysis, procurement, digitalization of an organisation, establishing marketing line for a company and others. For state entity I worked as a head of department which was responsible for keeping track of industrial businesses in Turkmenistan and service related businesses. Having wide experience in business and management irrelevant to my job responsibility i had task of digitalising many aspects of work of my organization. 
Trends in digital and IT world prove that soon digital data communication, storage and management will penetrate every aspect of every business and every life. Thus making sure the data is secure is number one priority as data in wrong hands can be as dangerous as biggest and scariest weapons in the world. 
Since my childhood and movie Matrix i was always wanting to learn digital systems. My aim to learn ethical hacking to find breaches and weaknesses of digital systems used daily by everyone and prove them the necessity and importance of cybersecurity.
i started online education in IT with cyber security and want to expand my knowledge in the area through self education. I speak multiple languages as native including Turkish, English, Russian and Turkmen and on course of studying French as fifth one. 
